1436790/1438462: Part 11: 17 files with MSDN link fixes. (#10330)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/data/adonet/ef/language-reference/supported-and-unsupported-linq-methods-linq-to-entities.md

|<xref:System.Linq.Queryable.Sum%2A>|Not supported|`Function Sum(Of TSource) ( _ source As IQueryable(Of TSource), _ selector As Expression(Of Func(Of TSource, Nullable(Of Decimal))) _ ) As Nullable(Of Decimal)`|`Nullable<decimal> Sum<TSource>( this IQueryable<TSource> source, Expression<Func<TSource, Nullable<decimal>>> selector )`|  
  
## Type Methods  

>  The LINQ standard query operators that deal with CLR type conversion and testing are supported in the [!INCLUDE[adonet_ef](../../../../../../includes/adonet-ef-md.md)]. Only CLR types that map to conceptual model types are supported in LINQ to Entities. For a list of conceptual model types, see [Conceptual Model Types (CSDL)](/ef/ef6/modeling/designer/advanced/edmx/csdl-spec#conceptual-model-types-csdl). The following table lists the supported and unsupported type methods.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The LINQ standard query operators that deal with CLR type conversion and testing are supported in the Entity Framework. Only CLR types that map to conceptual model types are supported in LINQ to Entities. For a list of conceptual model types, see [Conceptual Model Types (CSDL)](/ef/ef6/modeling/designer/advanced/edmx/csdl-spec#conceptual-model-types-csdl). The following table lists the supported and unsupported type methods.  
```
